# SeleniumRP
Selenium Record and Replay Tools. Record with a Chrome extension and Replay with WebDriver.

---

SeleniumRP contains following tools:

##Recorder
Compared to Selenium IDE, this is a Chrome Extension and exports JSON files. It has useful features, such as screenshot (or partial screenshot) etc.

##Replayer (Runner)
This is a Nodejs tool, based on Selenuim Webdriver. It can runs all the records/tests in sequential or parallel, following folder structure. Each folder is a test and there is share folder to store all the common step.

##Differ
This is a utility tool, to help visualize the differences of the screenshots generated by the runner.

---

##More Info
Once start to record, user actions will be recorded and treated as one Record/Test. Each test will contains several steps, which you can create with a description along the way. When you finish, you can export the record out. It will be several JSON files, once called steps.json, which contains all the step names and description, it is the skeleton of the test. And all the step files, with the step name as the file name.

After you exported all the JSON files, put then in a folder under the data folder of the Runner. Each folder will be treated as an individual test. Runner can run all of these tests in sequential or parallel (configurable). Runner will create all the screenshots as the baseline in the first run. Any screenshot generated after that will be compared with baseline and generate a differ screenshot, if they are different. At the end, Runner will generate a result JSON file and TRX file.

At last you can view the screenshots different using the differ tool.

---

##Tech Notes

###Recorder
This is a Reactjs application. Similar to Redux design, it has a central store, actions and stateless components, but it is built on RXjs (Reactive Programming). Components observe state change saved in the central store, and actions will be triggered from Components, then pass on the state changes to the central store.

###Runner
This is Nodejs application. It is using async/await to make workflow simplier. For build, Webpack + babel is still in use. But for development, async/await with babel compiler is not a pleasant experience. The walk around is using Nodejs nightly build, which supports async/await, behind --harmony-async-await flag! E.g. node --harmony-async-await runner.js

###Differ
This is written in pure Javascript. For the simplicity, Fetch Api is used (IE doesn't support it yet)



